December ------

I found another Relic today. It was a good day.

This one isn't nearly as extravagant as the others, though. It was buried only just seven feet deep. I needed full excavation teams for the others, but this one was literally tripped on. If I was younger than I am today, I would have thought it was left here purposely for me to find.

When it was brought to my attention, it was in some kind of wooden box. That box took nothing to open, but judging by the condition of the contents and stale air that followed soon after, I'd venture to say it was airtight. Now, to you, I'm sure I don't have to emphasize the significance of this discovery.

An airtight box, whose contents are kept in perfect condition for hundreds-- maybe even thousands of years. Even in this desert of shifting sands, somehow, it remained in perfect condition. Not even a scratch on it. I've never truly considered the technology level of that place, but now I feel its necessary.

Of course, the entire thing may be just some accidental lost cargo from sometime much closer to today. Perhaps this isn't even a Relic at all. In that case, feel free to use it as you wish. I doubt any museum cares about some fancy hat from modern times. I will admit this would be a stretch. The metal appears to have been cast using a method identical to that of the other Relics.

We will find out soon enough. The box appears to be made of some sort of organic matter. I have someone dating it as I write this letter.

As for the item itself, it looks to be similar to a Nutcracker's hat. I can't say for certain, but from my initial observations I believe it is fitted for a woman as it squeezed the sides of my head uncomfortably, but Dr. Mota wore it with ease. It's lined with a similar alloy that certain other Relics are made of, including the very impressive construction wrapped around the front of it. I like to call it rose gold, but it seems not everyone agrees with me.

We've already looked closely at the metal. There is an engraving on the rim, on the front left. I won't tell you what it says, as I'm sure you'd like to see it for yourself. I don't believe there is much more to say that you can't figure out yourself. I know you always loved a mystery.

I miss you, old friend. I've been out in this desert for far too long, and Dr. Mota is not as affable a companion as you may think. I don't regret coming out here, not in the slightest, but sometimes I do wish I were back home w



Sorry, my pen ran out of ink. I should be wrapping this up now. The mail train only comes around here once a month, and it's just about to leave. And Dr. Mota wants her pen back.

But-- I do miss you, friend. Always.

See you soon.

Dr. Bones