
213


I'm afraid.

Sam isn't. I don't think he knows what fear is. Otherwise I don't think he'd come way out here, where every second day someone has to go back to main camp for hospitalization.

What was it? Spike traps, radiation poisoning, drowning, metal bludgeons, and now mysterious crystal growths? Theres more, definitely, but these are the big ones that come to mind.

And, somehow, Sam avoids all these hazards and manages to claim the treasure? Is this some kind of force of will? I was much, much braver back then, and I was this close to being impaled myself.

In the hand. Nothing exactly life-threatening, and, granted, I'm pretty sure no one's ever died. But the strange things only get more and more dangerous as we come across them. The man was half-crystal when we found him! I think he's alright now, though.

I swear, Sam has the luck of the devil.






215


Well, it's been seven months since I arrived at the camp. Aside from some muscle gain, I don't think I've changed at all. The adventure and thrill that I was looking for still remains outside of my reach.

I'm not complaining. After my first few expeditions I've realized that I don't enjoy killing myself for objects from the ancient past. Especially not with Sam. Between the two of them, I'd much rather head out with Miss Mota. Compared to Sam, she's an angel.

It sucks. Miss Mota never goes out unless she's sure there's something of interest. Which means she barely ever needs to make an expedition team, and so she almost never goes out.

But when she does, at least she follows the STANDARD SAFETY GUIDELINES!!!!!

I mean, with her we got water, food, compasses, maps, shielded clothing, ropes and other things, and even knives and handguns at some point. I never got to hold the gun. Was there even anything to shoot? Or are we shooting other archaeologists? I don't think I could do that.

Yeah? Wait... that's it, isn't it?

We're like, state-sanctioned, right?

This isn't illegal?







216


I forgot to finish what I was writing yesterday.

Yeah, compared to the Miss, Sam is basically Satan.

I remember.

"Boss," I said, "I'm hungry." Because by this point me and five other guys from the camp have been marching in the desert for around six hours.

Then he turned around and pulled out his pockets and has the dumbest look on his face. "Sorry, guys... I think I may have left all the food. Oopsie!"

Now, to this day, I'm still not sure why he would think all the food would have been in his pants pocket. I wouldn't have eaten it if it was.

"Well, guys, I guess we'll have to eat sand." He said.

It was awful!

We should have eaten him.






242


A lot happened last month. I don't think I want to get into it.

But today, Miss Mota put me in charge of 'watching the relic', as she puts it.

The crystalline thing is in front of me right now, as I'm writing this. There isn't much else to do than write, because she didn't tell me what to watch for or why exactly I've been chosen to eye an inanimate object for fourty-eight hours.

Um... should it be doing something? It's pretty, sure, but now that I'm face to face with it I doubt that it's anything else. Is it really a relic.

Miss Mota has been busy with this thing for something like three months. I don't know why she cares this much about this crystal. It's see through. There's nothing inside.

But it's starting to get in the way of her actual work. She hasn't been on an expedition in months, and I'm thinking her obsession with this rock is kinda getting scary.

Well, not really, but the less expeditions she leads, the more adventures Sam has. And I think he's starting to like me for some reason, because now he forces me to go along on all of them.

I don't want to. If even a single grain of sand touches my lip I'm going to be sick. And it happens a lot in this desert.

Thankfully, Sam seems to be away on a long venture. By himself. I don't know. Maybe he thinks he's found the holy grail or something. Maybe the fountain of youth.

But, oh, if only Mota gets back to her work...







243


Uh, this crystal... maybe I should smash it.

No, the sleepiness is getting to me.

Smashing a priceless artifact? That's insane.

Nah, I'd never do something like that.